#LyX 2.3 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 544
\begin_document
\begin_header
\save_transient_properties true
\origin unavailable
\textclass article
\use_default_options true
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman "default" "default"
\font_sans "default" "default"
\font_typewriter "default" "default"
\font_math "auto" "auto"
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100 100
\font_tt_scale 100 100
\use_microtype false
\use_dash_ligatures true
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 1
\use_minted 0
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\is_math_indent 0
\math_numbering_side default
\quotes_style english
\dynamic_quotes 0
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Title
Algorithmic Robotics And Motion Planning Project
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Barak Ugav 318336229
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsubsection*
The Question
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
We are given a point robot 
\begin_inset Formula $P$
\end_inset

 which is known to be in the interior of some polygonal room 
\begin_inset Formula $Q$
\end_inset

 with 
\begin_inset Formula $n$
\end_inset

 vertices.
 The robot is equipped with a depth sensor which evaluates the distance
 to the visible obstacle in the pointed direction.
 Describe a data structure that can be constructed during preprocessing
 of the room and can be used to efficiently calculate all the points the
 robot might think he is after a single depth measurement from an unknown
 position and rotation.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsubsection*
Motivation
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Such scenario can be applicable in real world cases, for example: a rover
 lands on Mars, a map of whose terrain is available to it.
 It looks about its position, and then infers its exact position on the
 Martian surface.
 Another application comes from robots that follow a planned path through
 a scene: the control systems that guide such a robot along the planned
 path gradually accumulate errors due to mechanical drift.
 Thus it is desirable to use localization from time to time to verify the
 actual position of the robot in the map, and apply corrections as necessary
 to return it to the planned path.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsubsection*
Solution Direction
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Given a distance measurement 
\begin_inset Formula $d$
\end_inset

 we can calculate for each edge 
\begin_inset Formula $e$
\end_inset

 the set of points at which the robot could be to measure 
\begin_inset Formula $d$
\end_inset

 from 
\begin_inset Formula $e$
\end_inset

 when ignoring all other obstacles.
 It's harder to understand which of those points is actually a possible
 robot location including the other obstacles which block most of the points,
 and the edge will still be visible from that point.
 We may be able to calculate the 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

visible map
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 from each edge during preprocessing, which is still not defined very well,
 and use it during query time.
 This is not so easy because the visible map is changing along the edge,
 maybe dividing the edge into intervals in which the visible vertices change
 from one to another.
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
